(music)
(Native American music)
-- Hey Mona, how you
doing up there?
-- Fabulous.
-- Excellent.
If you want to
get a photo,
I'm gonna go ahead
and circle back around.
(music)
(Native American chanting)
(phone ringing)
Hey Linda,
what's up?
-- Tammy,
what happened?
Where are you?
You're not checked in.
Why aren't you
checked in?
-- I'm not there yet.
-- What do you mean
you're not there yet?
I'm still on the road.
-- You're not
in Phoenix?
-- No.
-- Well then,
where are you?
-- I don't know.
-- Are you lost?
-- No, I'm not lost...
I just don't know
where I am.
(music)
Denny!
Denny, get down.
Hey, young man.
Hi.
Where are you
visiting from?
San Diego.
That's in California.
Is that your friend?
No, that's my
brother Jeremy.
He's 12.
You want a balloon?
Sure.
(music)
There you go.
Aw, I got it,
let's go.
Guys, come on.
(music)
What about you?
Do you want
a balloon? Yeah?
Can we go in
a helicopter?
No, absolutely not.
Why not?
(music)
Gimme my phone.
-- Oh hey!
I'm in Sedona.
-- What?
-- I'm in Sedona.
-- Sedona?
Okay well, at least you're
in the right state.
-- Bye, Mom.
-- Bye, sweetie.
Why are you running
so far behind?
Wait a minute, Tammy,
did you stop in Vegas?
(music)
-- I...so what are
you calling about?
-- Well, I just talked
to Al Brady.
Did you get the message
he left you this morning?
-- I didn't check
my messages yet.
-- Well, Beckwith has to
leave tomorrow morning.
-- What? Oh crap!
He's canceling
our meeting?
-- No, no...he wants to
do it tonight instead.
-- Tonight?
-- And he's calling in his
entire Board of Directors.
-- Seriously?
-- Seriously.
(brakes screeching)
Denny!
Sorry, sorry!
I'm gonna have to
call you back.
-- I have to call you back.
What are you thinking?
Huh?
He's fine.
Sorry about that.
(horn honking)
What happened?
What is wrong with you?
You know you're not supposed
just run out into the street!
What do we do first?
Look both ways.
And wait for us.
I did that!
Alright, alright,
alright.
Alright, come on,
let's go.
Come on!
Hey!
(music)
-- Of course I'm ready!
Shit, does it have
to happen today?
This is too important for
something to go wrong.
I want that contract.
-- Oh, stop it.
I thought you were ignoring
your birthday anyway?
Ignoring it doesn't mean
it's not still cursed.
-- You're being ridiculous.
Okay, how much further
do you have to go?
Will that be all?
Um, how far are
we from Phoenix?
It's about two hours.
That's it?
-- I'm a couple
hours away.
-- Okay good.
Keep it.
-- Listen I'm gonna
get an earlier flight,
probably get in not long
after your spa appointment
which you better be
there on time for.
-- I've got plenty of time.
-- It's my gift to you and
it's already paid for
so don't you dare miss it.
The way you're acting you
could really use that massage.
-- What's that
supposed to mean?
I could've driven,
you know?
Yeah.
I'm just checking
my messages.
You're running
down my battery!
Hey, I was
listening! Stop!
How'd we ever survive
before the cell phone?
Okay Ed, you talk on your
phone just as much as I do.
Oh please.
I, who doesn't even
have their phone here?
Yeah well, it's good
to have one with you.
Yeah, but you don't
have to answer it
every do-dang
time rings.
Okay, well, if I don't answer it
now then they'll keep calling
and then I'm gonna have to
call them back, so it's just
one less thing for me to
have to deal with later.
You know, it wouldn't
hurt to just turn it off.
Focus on your
family for a while.
That's not fair.
Alright?
What do you think
I'm doing?
What's the point
of a vacation?
It's your birthday,
for crying out loud.
Hey, slow down,
slow down.
Quick, stop the car,
stop the car.
Boys, boys, look.
Where?
Right up there
on the left.
What is it, Daddy?
Pigs?
I want to see.
They must be javelinas.
Are they mean?
No!
Yes...yep.
(music)
-- Okay, so now we're
gonna be flying over to
Boynton Canyon
and on the right,
coming up, you can
see the backside of --
(engine sputtering)
It's alright.
Everything's fine,
everything's fine.
Okay, Sam, we're gonna have
to come back to the airport.
I've got some sort
of engine problem.
(music)
Aw, come on!
What?
Alright, I'll turn
the ringer off, okay?
Why don't you just
leave it the car?
What?
Leave your phone
in the car...I dare you.
What if we need it?
Why would we need it?
You want me to
leave it in the car?
Yes, I do.
That's gonna make
you happy?
That will make
me very happy.
Okay...in the car.
-- No?
-- Yes.
Here it goes!
(laughter)
Oh, I love you.
Okay, that's,
put me down.
Okay, here we go.
Do we have to do this?
I'm tired.
Can we go back
to the lodge?
No.
Where's mine?
Right here.
I can do it.
Alright.
Whoa!
(music)
(Native American chanting)
Ah, Gordy?
I think you're too low.
-- Yeah I, I know I'm
too low, I'm trying to...
Hey man, I've got like
two seconds here,
call the police department, tell
them to clear 89A for me.
-- What?
(music)
(engine sputtering)
-- Message 11.
-- Tammy, it's Al Brady with
Beckwith Enterprises,
the boss man has to leave
for New York tomorrow
morning and wants
to know if you can do
your pitch this evening.
(music)
What the --
(sirens blaring)
(engine sputtering)
You okay?
Thank you!
(music)
Ah, there you go.
Boo!
Yeah, alright,
you got me.
Hey, can we go to that alien
restaurant again tonight?
No, do you remember
what today is?
We're gonna take daddy
someplace special.
Please? I want to
play the video game.
It's so cool.
Maybe tomorrow.
Alright, give me
your hand.
I can do it.
Yeah, yeah, I know,
just give me your hand.
Okay.
Give me your hand.
(laughing)
(music)
Hi, this is Tammy
Johnson, I need to
cancel an appointment
at the spa.
Yeah, no it's for a massage,
a couple other things at 1:00.
Yeah, I'm not
gonna be there.
Can you handle that?
No, but don't cancel
the reservation,
just cancel
the appointment.
You got that?
Okay, thank you.
Hey, how's it going?
How do you think?
Oh, sorry.
So how's my car?
Oh, the car's fine...
except for the axle.
Now we ain't a body shop,
so we can't do nothing about
the bumper and the dents and
scrapes on the ass end of it.
So what about the axle?
Well, we can have you on
the road tomorrow morning.
Oh no, no,
that won't do.
I need it fixed now.
Oh.
Well, normally that
wouldn't be a problem
but we got several
jobs ahead of you.
Here.
Charge me double,
I don't care.
Charge me triple, just
do what you gotta do.
Well, alrighty then.
Like I said, you're
at the top of the list.
How much time?
Couple hours probably.
What are you waiting for?
Oh, yes ma'am, I'll get
right on it for you.
Alana, did you hear?
Alejandra just told me that
a tour plane landed on 89A.
Isn't that incredible?
Incredible.
This lady can tell you
all about it firsthand.
Oh really? How so?
We're fixing her car.
Oh you mean?
I'm the lucky person
said plane landed on.
Oh!
(squealing)
Oh, I'm sorry, it just
took me off guard.
You must have been
scared to death.
I'm Deb Lovejoy.
Tammy Johnson.
Hi, Tammy.
So you were right there
at that exact moment.
Why do you think that was?
A really crappy coincidence.
Oh hun, there are
no coincidences.
Mercury is in retrograde,
it started last night.
Would you like me
to do a reading?
A reading?
Mm-hmm.
Well, an intuitive reading, no
charge under the circumstances.
You mean that
physic bullshit?
No, I'm sorry, it's just that
I don't believe in that stuff.
No offense.
Oh, I don't get
offended, hun.
Listen, if you change your
mind, there's my card.
Hey Deb,
I just had an idea.
Do you have an opening?
She has like
a two-hour wait.
Oh yeah, I can take
you right now!
Ladies, didn't
you hear me?
I am depressed enough
without knowing my future.
Oh, not that!
I'm talking
about your feet.
Mm, feet?
She does pedicures.
Oh, it's perfect!
I heard you cancel your
massage appointment
and this is the
next best thing.
It's better!
I don't think so.
Oh, you have to.
It's like fate almost.
Almost?
It is fate!
I would not mess
with fate if I were you.
You don't want to
piss off the stars.
Okay, whatever.
It's better than
standing around here.
Your feet are in my hands.
(music)
Denny.
Hey, be careful.
Why do you gotta
get so close?
Wow, this is beautiful.
Scott, this really
is worth a look.
Uh, yeah, okay.
That's too cool.
Hey Dad, can we
go climb down it?
No.
Look, I don't understand,
there's nothing you can see
from over there that you
can't see from over here.
Boys, stand there
for a picture.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Will you just come down here and
take a picture with your sons?
I'm not having any fun.
Okay?
Come on!
Perfect.
(music)
Now you are from?
Portland.
Oh, I hear it's really
beautiful there.
It rains a lot.
And it's your first
time in Sedona.
Yeah...not that
I meant it to be.
Well, not consciously
anyway.
Say, do you have
a restroom I can use?
Sure.
Right this way.
Thank you.
(music)
You feel anything?
No, I don't
feel anything.
Guys, watch it so close
to the edge, please!
What am I supposed
to be feeling?
This is a vortex.
(laughing)
What's a vortex?
It's a heightened center
of spiritual energy...
or something like that.
I don't know, it's what
the guy at the store said.
Oh, the guy at
the store said that?
Oh, which guy was it?
Was it the guy dressed
like Jesus or was it
guy with the giant
Santa beard?
It was Jesus.
It was Jesus,
I knew it.
If you can't trust Jesus,
who can you trust?
Didn't your client tell
you about the vortexes?
No, she didn't
mention vortexes.
She just said that this
place would help me
get more connected.
Connected to what?
Your Blackberry?
My inner child.
(laughing)
Did she say that,
really?
Did she say those
exact words?
Yep.
I love her.
Jeremy, keeping an
eye on your brother?
-- Yes!
They're fine.
Just let them be kids
for a little while.
You don't have to be so
neurotic about it all the time.
It's not neurotic to
want to keep them safe.
You remember when Jeremy was
like two or three, we used to
go to your parents lake house
every single weekend.
You remember that?
Yeah.
Why don't we ever
do that anymore?
That was fun.
Do you remember fun?
I remember fun and we got
two kids, we've got a house
to pay for, you know,
we're kind of busy.
You know Charlene?
You know her brother
who just died?
Yeah?
He was 40.
He wasn't 40.
Yes, he was.
No, he wasn't.
He was older than that.
Yes he was, he was 40 and he
dropped dead of a heart attack!
What's your point?
My point is, is that you
are working yourself into
an early grave and if you
drop dead of a heart attack,
it's really gonna
piss me off.
(music)
Charlene's brother
was fat.
Not that fat.
Yes he, what are you
talking about not that fat?
Hey listen.
Look at me.
I'm just saying
chill, baby.
Okay?
(music)
I'm a lot more relaxed
than I used to be.
(laughter)
I am! What?
And Charlene's brother
was huge, okay?
What do you think
it looks like?
A mountain.
No! What do you think
it looks like?
I don't know.
I think it looks like
an alien...look.
It looks like
a big rock to me.
I want to climb it.
Yeah right, like
you could climb it.
I could if I wanted to.
You can't even climb the
oak tree at Grandpa's.
So! That's not
the same.
You're too little.
No, I'm not!
Yeah, you are.
Shrimp.
Daddy said to quit
calling me that.
Oh, sorry,
mini shrimp!
Stop it!
No.
I'm telling Daddy.
Yeah whatever.
Would you like
holistic or basic?
Say what?
Holistic includes
balancing your chakras
and a little reflexology.
Uh, no thank you.
Just whatever's
quickest.
Basic it is.
(music)
Oh, your feet
are like cement.
Ouch.
See what I mean?
What's your sign?
Why?
Well, I have a guess,
I wanna see if I'm right.
I dabble a little
bit in astrology.
Well, my birthday's
today, so you tell me.
Oh, my goodness,
happy birthday!
How old are you?
That I'd rather not discuss.
Oh, I love birthdays.
I always feel like I made it
through another year
and I'm still here.
They remind me of all the
mistakes I've made in my life.
Well, how you view it
is how you do it.
That's my motto.
So were you right?
About what?
About my sign.
Would you believe
me if I said I was?
No.
(laughter)
How old is your son?
I'm sorry?
You mentioned
you had a son.
No.
Oh no, you didn't.
My mistake.
(music)
Well, she's not sick.
Then what is it?
You are pregnant.
She can't be.
That's impossible.
That's impossible,
right, Tammy Jo?
(bells ringing)
You dozed off.
That's a good thing.
(door knocking)
Shouldn't you get that?
No, not in the middle
of our session,
disturbs the flow,
and besides, it's rude.
(door knocking)
I think you should
answer the door.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Okay.
Nicholas,
what the hell?
I tried calling.
You didn't get my emails?
You can't just show up
at my house,
I've got a client in there.
I got a job.
Oh, Nicholas.
It's with an insurance
company.
That's nice but...
In a few weeks, I'll be able
to afford my own place.
I thought I had
made myself clear.
I'm doing everything
you told me to do.
Oh, you poor thing.
Stop that.
Now you just don't
get this, do you?
I cannot go out with someone
younger than my kids.
You said that age
was just a number.
You said --
Look at me!
Now I don't blame you for
wanting me but believe me,
there are lots of girls who
would love to snag you up.
I don't want other girls.
Oh, do I have to do this?
If you don't leave me alone, I'm
gonna have to call the police.
Now you don't
want that, do you?
But --
You want me to
have the flowers?
Ah, they're lovely.
Nicholas, did you cut
these off my bush?
Oh, go home!
Sorry about that!
Online dating, it has been
wild and a lot of fun.
Here you go, keep it.
But we haven't finished.
My car's almost ready,
I've got to get on the road.
Thank you for everything.
Oh wait, wait, wait.
Coast is clear.
Listen, you know, it's not
every day that your car
gets run off the road
by an airplane.
Yeah.
I'm just saying that everything
happens for a reason.
(music)
Good luck!
Took more days off this
year than I did last year.
Did you know that?
I bet you didn't
even know that.
Mm-hmm.
And I take Denny to
baseball twice a week.
That's something
I do for him.
For him or for you?
He loves it.
You mean you love it.
We should have let him
quit when he asked us to.
Oh, you know, that's
a really good idea.
You know what, any time
you start something and then
he changes his mind, he
should just be able to quit.
Come on, you know,
he's gotta know if
he starts something,
he needs to finish it.
Now, hang on, to be fair,
you're the one that
talked him into it
in the first place.
Okay, well,
he likes it now.
No, he doesn't.
Yes, he does!
And if he didn't,
he'd say something.
He did say
something, twice.
He won't say anything
now because he's afraid
he's gonna
disappoint you, again.
Just like last time.
(music)
Should be headed
back soon.
Why? We've got
all afternoon.
I've got a conference
call after lunch.
You're kidding?
No, I'm not.
Yeah, I know
you're not.
You know, it's just...
Never mind.
Where's my iPod?
Denny!
Where is Denny?
I'm gonna kill him.
Where is he, Jeremy?
He said he was
coming back here.
Where?
Here!
You're supposed to
be watching him.
I did.
He's probably hiding.
Denny!
Come on, what'd I tell
you about hiding?
(music)
So, wasn't it
the best?
Not exactly.
Oh no!
You didn't like it?
She talked
way too much.
Oh, that's just Deb.
How's my car?
Uh, Jay's getting
a part in Cottonwood.
How long?
About an hour.
I've gotta get the
heck out of here.
Is there a rental car
place around here?
Yeah, sure.
Now come on,
I'll take you.
Great.
So I'll come back through
in a couple of days
and I'll get my car then.
I got it, I got it.
So what's in Phoenix?
Business.
Oh yeah, what kind
of work do you do?
Mind control.
Really?
You mean like
hypnosis?
No...advertising.
Oh cool.
Do you work for like a
big agency or something?
I work for myself.
That's awesome.
(ringing bell)
Hey, I'm gonna have my own
jewelry business someday.
Do you have any advice?
I'm not really good
at giving advice.
(ringing bell)
Say listen, call
my cell if...Larry?
No, Les.
...has any issues
and do me a favor,
don't tell him that I didn't
get my car, okay, because
he might just put off
fixing it 'til later.
Oh.
(ringing bell)
Excuse me!
I'm in a hurry here.
So am I.
Can't you tell?
See, this is exactly why we
should have the cell phone.
Oh Scott, why would
we need a cell phone?
To call for help!
His backpack's not here.
Oh, he probably
has it with him.
Sir! Excuse me, sir!
Did you see a little
boy on the trail?
Little boy?
Yes, seven years old,
dark hair.
No.
Was he with someone?
He was with us.
He might just be hiding.
I haven't passed anyone
for quite a while.
Did you guys come up from
the south trailhead?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, wait.
He might have gone
back up the trail
that way to the sink hole.
You're right, let's go.
Jer.
Denny!
(music)
You look familiar.
(shooting noises)
Ah, my hand!
Must use Kung Fu.
Swords.
Ping, ping, ping, ping, ping.
He found my gun!
Grenade!
(music)
Ah!
RADIO: Recapping our
top story this morning,
according to
Sedona Police,
in a two-vehicle
traffic accident,
the second vehicle was
an open cockpit biplane.
Again, the pilot, this heroic
pilot if you ask me, made
an emergency landing
on State Route 89A.
Yeah, we were coming out
of the Bashas' parking lot
right as it was landing.
I swear we were just about
to turn left right toward it.
(music)
(phone ringing)
This is Tammy.
Tammy,
Al Brady here.
-- Hey Al.
How you doin'?
I'm great.
How's Phoenix
treating you?
I...love it here.
Ah, good deal.
Hey, thank you very much
for accommodating us.
Mr. Beckwith wants to apologize
for the last-minute change.
Well, you tell Mr. Beckwith
I appreciate the opportunity.
You got it.
Hey, one quick
question for ya.
Do you need any other
materials besides
the big screen for
your Power Point?
Uh, no, no,
got everything I need.
It's all good.
Jeremy?
(music)
Daddy?
Jeremy!
Guys, wait up!
Denny!
We should head back.
Do you have a phone?
Yeah, it's in the car.
-- Dad?
-- What?
He was talking
about that rock.
What rock?
He said it looked
like an alien.
He wanted to climb it.
Which one?
Back there.
Why didn't you say
anything before?
You guys should go
to your car in case
he found his way
back there.
I'm Chuck.
This is my cell.
Call me when
you get there.
What are you
gonna do?
Look for your kid.
I'm a local,
I know the area.
Well, wait!
Shouldn't we dial
911 first?
Nah, I'm a Search
and Rescue volunteer.
I'm coming with you.
I'll go, too.
No.
You've done enough.
-- Scott!
Keys.
You're back?
I need something
from my trunk.
Um, you need a hand?
No, you guys just keep
doing what you're doing.
I need my keys.
In the ignition.
You left my keys
in the ignition?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, you guys
work so hard!
I can see why you mechanics
have such great reputation
for being so fast
and efficient.
This is just
a wild guess,
but I'm gonna bet
that you're single.
You know, that is none
of your business!
Ma'am, we can't do
anything to the car
'til Jay gets back
with the parts.
Well, I would prefer that you do
not leave my keys in my car.
That car ain't going
nowhere in the shape
it's in unless
it's on a tow truck.
Hey.
May I have a cup
of coffee please?
Yeah, sure.
It's organic.
Is it caffeinated?
Um, no.
It's decaf.
Do you have
any real coffee?
Never mind.
Uh, sorry.
The doctor said it wouldn't be
good for the baby, the caffeine.
You're pregnant?
Yeah.
About two months.
Why would you want to throw
your life away like that?
There's a coffee shop
around the corner.
Denny!
(phone ringing)
Is that him?
Can I talk to him?
Did you find him?
No, he's not here.
Now what should
he do now?
Tell him to stay there
in case he shows up.
Just stay there.
Alright...bye.
Jeremy, get down.
Denny!
This isn't funny!
You come out right now or
you're gonna be in big trouble!
Hey Scott.
What is it?
What kind of shows
is he wearing?
I don't know,
hiking shoes.
Are they Merrells?
Yeah...
Let's go.
(music)
I've decided not
to tell your father.
It's too much,
it would kill him.
By the time he gets back
from his Cambodia tour,
this will all be over with
so there's really no point.
Excuse me?
Is this chair
being used?
No, go ahead, take it.
Oh, for God's sake.
What?
Oh, not you,
I'm sorry...Claire.
Come on, you should sing
with me, just sing with me.
Come on,
you know the tune!
You know it!
Is she crazy?
Well, it kind of depends on
who you ask around here but...
SINGING:
Happy birthday to you!
...We do call her
Claire De Lune.
Seriously?
Yeah, you kind of have to
love the old nuisance.
Huh...
What about them?
They crazy, too?
What are they doing?
Now, they are checking to
see if the legend is true.
What legend?
You see, the artist who sculpted
that statue used great detail.
What kind of detail?
Left nothing up to
the imagination.
You are so lying.
Uh, now why
would I do that?
Because it's a
good draw, smart.
Yeah, it is good
for business, but...
Okay, so admit it.
You're just gonna have
to go see for yourself.
Pierce.
Tammy.
Nice to meet ya.
Oh!
Let me help you.
I'll get it.
(phone ringing)
Let me help ya here.
What?
-- Bet ya never thought
you'd hear from me again.
Who is this?
-- It's your half
night stand.
You know the one
you ditched.
Oh yeah, Brett.
-- Ben.
Ben, hi!
-- How are you?
Uh, I'm a little
frustrated right now.
No, no, you didn't
do anything.
I'm, it's, um...
Are you okay?
Did you get my note?
-- You forgot
your necklace.
Shit.
I thought you
might like it back.
How about I send it to
the address on the card?
Uh, yeah, please.
I'll get you
a FedEx number.
Oh...my...God!
Are you freaking
kidding me?
Does he have
water with him?
Yeah.
That's good.
Why?
Drink.
What a minute.
You know what,
I'm not sure.
What if he ran out?
He's still okay.
Then why'd you ask?
I was trying to get all
the information I can.
What is it?
It's his.
Denny!
(music)
Oh, excuse me.
I'm sorry.
Have either of you seen
any car keys around here?
No sorry,
we just got here.
Do you mind if I look?
Sure.
Thank you.
(music)
Oh, my goodness.
Excuse me.
Have you seen
any keys?
I've lost them
in this area.
Yes, I've seen them.
Yeah, no problem.
I also see your aura.
Let me ask you
something.
When was the last time you
had a complete aura cleanse?
Have you seen my keys?
Yes, I see keys, but
before you see keys,
you must see
yourself!
Look at you!
What you need is this
chakra blaster necklace.
This vortex charged beauty
could be yours,
and not only will you find
the keys to your car,
you'll find the keys
to your karma.
Oh, for God's sake,
I am in a crisis here!
How about
a metaphysical?
Excuse me, excuse me,
excuse me, excuse me.
Perry!
Perry? Perry?
After all we've been through,
you forgot my name?
It's Pierce, darling.
Oh, sorry Pierce.
I lost my keys.
Has anybody
turned them in?
Is that the best excuse
you can come up with?
She can't resist me.
I am serious!
No, the unfortunate truth
is no, I haven't seen them.
Has anybody
seen any keys?
No, but I'd be glad to help you
as soon as I can get a break.
Well, never mind.
Never mind!
Forget it!
Excuse me,
excuse me.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Have you seen a
little boy up there?
Today?
Yeah, just now, recently.
I haven't seen much of
anyone up there today.
Ah.
What does he look like?
Oh here, hang on.
That's him.
Ah, cute.
Yours?
Yeah.
How old is he?
He's seven.
Well, somebody's out there
looking for him I hope.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah,
no, no, I'm just, I'm just
waiting here in case
he comes back.
Okay, well, I'll head up
there and look for him.
Oh...um...
Do you have a number
I can call?
You have a phone
on you?
I do.
You should always have
a phone out here with you.
Yeah, apparently.
Okay, um...okay,
that's my number.
Just call me if you
see anything, okay?
I will.
What's his name?
His name's Denny.
Okay.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
No, really thank you!
(music)
(snake rattling)
One time this guy was out
by himself, fell off a cliff,
broke both his legs,
couldn't move so he was
stranded there
for like 24 hours --
Alright, you know what,
I really don't need
to hear about this
right now, okay?
Sorry.
What do you do?
Lawyer.
Corporate.
Cool, man.
You must make
a lot of money.
Huh...not enough.
You like it?
Used to.
Not anymore?
Not so much.
Then why do you do it?
(music)
(leaves rustling)
(snorting)
(music)
How can you not have
an extra set of keys?
We don't keep extra
keys at this facility.
What?
That's the stupidest thing I've
ever heard in my whole life!
All keys are kept with the car,
ma'am, it's standard policy.
Little scratch, no problem;
big scratch, we charge ya.
Hey! What am I
supposed to do now?
Have you tried
looking for the keys?
Bon voyage.
Okay, okay.
You know what, get
me another damn car.
I'd love to, Ms. Johnson,
if I had one.
What, what?
No, you're not
seriously telling me
this is the last
car you've got?
That's what I'm telling
you, seriously.
No! No! No!
Look, this is a small town,
it's not like we keep
an endless supply
of cars, okay?
This week has been
extraordinarily busy.
That's our last one.
Wait! Wait!
I want that car!
Now, Ms. Johnson.
Give me that car!
I don't think so!
You call him right now.
Now you calm down!
Give me that number.
No, no, hey no!
I don't think so!
Give me that number!
Ma'am!
I want you to call
that man right now!
That is not
gonna happen.
I got a couple of cars
coming in this afternoon.
I promise the first
one back is yours.
What are you, an idiot?
Have you not been
listening to me?
I need to leave
town now!
Listen ma'am,
I might be an idiot,
but I'm not the one
who lost your keys.
Alana, get me
the hell out of here.
Right now!
Ah wait,
wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
We're really high up.
You're not good
with heights?
No.
Look, is there any other
way that we can get,
can we go around
like another --
(laughing)
Of course not.
No, no he says.
Oh God!
(laughing)
No, no,
I'm okay.
You know, I'm not really
feeling that good about this.
I think we should
call for help now.
Why don't we circle up
around that way first?
Ah, shit!
Shit!
You want a Band-aid?
You have one?
Here...
What's this for?
Snake bites.
You see the band-aids
in there?
You have snakes
out here?
Why didn't you
mention that before?
This is Arizona.
I want you to
call someone.
Don't worry, you don't see
snakes out here too often.
He's out there by himself!
You understand?
The chances of
him getting bit --
Okay, I'm not taking
anymore chances.
You make the call or you
give me the damn phone!
Okay, okay.
(music)
Denny!
Have you done
this before?
I've seen Todd do it.
You two are getting
married, right?
Someday.
You know, I'm kind of waiting
for my family to come around.
They disapprove?
I'm a PK so, you know,
cart before the horse.
PK?
Preacher's kid.
Colonel's kid.
You know, a rock to the
window might be faster.
You're funny.
Do I look like I'm
trying to be funny?
Well, you know they have charter
flights to Phoenix from here.
Oh, now you're
trying to be funny.
Sorry.
I told you there's
a reason I don't fly.
What about a limo?
You know what?
I'm not leaving here without
my car because that means
I'd have to come back for it
and once I'm out of this town,
I'm damn sure
not coming back.
You might wanna move
away from the car, honey.
Why?
(yelling)
Oh, my God!
I can't believe
you just did that!
I almost had it.
(music)
What's the hold up?
It's going good.
Be done in less
than an hour.
Less than?
Can you be
more specific?
(music)
47 and a half minutes,
at the most.
(music)
Keep an eye on him.
At this rate, I won't have
any time to check in
and change clothes.
I'll be back in 45, let
me know if it's earlier.
I got it.
(whistling)
(music)
(screaming)
Well, you're certainly not gonna
find your keys under there.
(music)
Not that it's any of my
business, but you okay?
No.
And you know, you are right,
it's none of your business.
Well, it looks like you're kind
of having a tough day
but heck,
it could be worse.
Did you hear about the tour
plane that crash-landed
on the street today?
Now that was exciting.
(laughing)
What is it with you
people in this town?
Oh, it's the vortexes.
The vortexes?
Yes, the vortexes.
I don't know, but it sure
keeps me entertained.
(music)
Mrs. Keller!
Hi sweetheart, your cake
is almost finished.
It's darling.
Wanna see?
How do I know if my
water just broke?
What happened?
It's not time yet.
I have more time.
Come with me.
I heard that.
Oh, my God.
I heard you singing.
Excuse me?
I wasn't singing.
You're a liar.
Claire, is there something
I can help you with?
No.
She's just like
the rest of 'em.
No, Claire,
she's not, Claire.
Yes, she is.
You're a liar,
mommy.
Hey!
You found my keys.
Give them to me.
No.
Claire.
Give them to me.
No.
Claire, stop playing.
She wants
her keys, okay?
You threw them away.
What are you talking about?
Who did I throw away?
You threw away the
keys to your heart.
You just threw them away!
Finders keepers.
I just made a little joke.
No, no!
Somebody help me!
This woman is
trying to rob me!
Claire, Claire!
Don't chase her,
she'll eventually stop.
Please give me --
No, no, I'm not
gonna let you.
Claire, Claire!
(laughing)
Claire, Claire.
Now Claire, just give
her the keys, Claire.
Come on.
Give me the keys.
Claire!
Come on, now.
Come on, just give
us the keys, Claire.
Please.
(music)
No, no, Claire -- ugh!
Claire.
Tell me you're sorry.
What are you --
(music)
I've been through enough.
Please give me the keys.
Tell me you're sorry.
I'm sorry.
(music)
Now say I love you.
Please, please...
(music)
Please.
I love you.
(music)
Thank you.
Here.
They look nice.
(laughing)
Would you like to dance?
I'll lead.
(music)
Back, side, side,
forward, side, side.
SINGING:
Happy birthday to you...
(music)
(crying)
(laughing)
Tammy!
Why am I here?
(music)
Hey little girl,
you got any sunscreen?
You know, sometimes you
have to tune out the world
and listen to
Millie Schnebly.
Who?
The spirit of Sedona.
(music)
Stay on the path.
(baby crying)
-- That's it.
You did great,
sweetheart.
Keep breathing.
-- What is it?
-- It's a boy.
-- Wait!
Where are they
taking him?
Can I see him first?
-- We talked about this,
Tammy Jo.
-- But Mom,
I want to see him.
-- It's not a good idea.
(music)
What are we doing here?
Listening.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Thank you.
My car is ready.
My pleasure.
Are you really psychic?
Well, I prefer
the word intuitive.
So why do you
do pedicures?
Because I love feet.
Whoa!
Sometimes a shortcut
is allowed.
(laughter)
What's taking
them so long?
It hasn't been
that long.
We should have
called earlier.
They're coming,
don't worry.
Do me a favor, please, okay,
just stop saying don't worry.
Sorry.
That's what parents
do, right, they worry?
The good ones do.
Yeah well, the good ones
don't lose their kids
though, do they?
Hey, I got lost all the time.
Denny!
Daddy! Daddy!
Daddy!
Denny!
Oh my God!
What were you thinking?
Are you mad at me?
Am I mad at you?
Oh my God, you had me
scared to death, man.
I'm not mad at you,
I'm not mad at you.
Do you know that?
I love you more
than anything
in the entire world,
you know that, right?
Yeah.
You do?
You okay kid?
Who are you?
I'm Chuck.
Where's Jeremy
and Daddy?
They're at the car.
Daddy, what happened?
Oh, nothing.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
(music)
You good?
Yeah.
Alright.
Take care of
your dad, okay?
Okay.
Hey...thank you.
No sweat.
Hey buddy.
Listen, I was thinking
that maybe you wanna
quit baseball
for a little while.
How long?
As long as you want.
Would you be mad?
No.
What would you
want me to do?
I want you to do
whatever you wanna do.
Can I think about it?
Yeah.
(music)
I wanna thank you for helping
me with my rental car.
Oh sure,
it's no problem.
You know, it was an awful,
despicable, evil thing
that I said to you earlier
about your pregnancy.
It was inexcusable
and I'm sorry.
Hey, it's okay.
You know, don't
worry about it.
Will you give me
your address?
What for?
'Cause I wanna send you
a gift, you know for the baby.
You don't have
to do that.
Well I know I don't have to, but
email me your address, okay?
Aw, that's so sweet.
Bye.
Tammy, wait.
I'd really like
you to have this.
What are you doing?
No, I can't.
No, I've got others.
I designed it,
so it's no biggie.
You designed this?
Yeah.
It's a lotus, so...
Lotuses -- well, they
signify new beginnings.
Thank you.
You're very talented.
Thanks.
We'll talk about
this, okay?
Okay.
Oh.
Bye.
I'll see ya.
(music)
Hey, don't you ever
do that again, okay?
Okay.
I'm sorry.
No, no,
it wasn't your fault.
I'm sorry.
Hey...come back
in 15 years
and you've got a job.
Okay.
Thanks again.
You're welcome.
You take care.
Ah! God!
Come on,
come on.
I'm cutting my
hours in half.
Really?
Yeah, but I'm keeping my cell
phone with me all the time.
Alright fine, you win.
Keep your cell
phone, get two.
I'm getting a second
cell phone.
Great.
(music)
Well?
What the hell is this?
I don't know,
I found it
wrapped around
the propeller shaft.
A balloon?
(music)
Hi.
Hi, welcome to
the Red Planet.
How are ya?
Starving.
You came to
the right place.
Just one?
No, I'm not staying,
I need something to go.
Do you have something fast
like a sandwich or something?
BLT, you got that?
Sure, sure.
BLT coming your way.
Fries okay with that?
Yeah, and the largest
cup of coffee you got.
One cup of coffee.
We'll have it right out.
You can wait here
at the bar if you want.
Ah, do you have
a restroom?
Through the main dining
room in the back corner.
Thank you.
Hey!
Unbelievable.
Are you stalking me?
Pierce...hi!
You remembered.
What are you doing here?
Oh, just eating dinner.
Alone?
Well, preferably not.
Have a seat?
I can't, I gotta go,
I'm late.
Are you sure?
No.
I'll save you a seat.
(music)
Wow!
What, no clever
wisecrack?
You deserve better.
What do I owe you?
No, no, no I got this.
It's okay, I know
you're in a rush.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
(music)
(phone ringing)
Hey Linda.
Well, I know you missed
your spa appointment.
I'll reschedule tomorrow.
Look, I'm gonna have to meet
you at the Beckwith Building,
I'm dressed and ready.
Where the hell are you?
Still on the road.
Don't worry, I'm just
running a little late.
Just running a little late?
How can you be acting
so calm right now?
I'm just trying to
lighten up, okay?
(brakes squealing)
(yelling)
Are you alright?
Tammy,
what's going on?
-- Everything's okay.
I'll call you later.
Shit!
Is everyone okay?
Daddy, what happened?
Another car bumped
into us.
Cool, can I see?
No honey,
just stay put.
Sorry.
I am so,
I am so, so sorry.
Sorry.
Ah, you know what, it's
actually, it's not that bad.
Is everybody
okay in there?
Yeah, we're all fine.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Wait a minute, aren't
you the one earlier?
Sorry, sorry!
Oh my God.
Oh, believe it or not,
I'm a very good driver.
It's just that I've had
a day from hell.
Yeah, well, it happens.
You know,
don't worry about it.
Well obviously you can see
how much of a hurry I'm in,
so can we?
Yes, oh I forgot a pen.
I have a pen,
I have a pen.
Thank you.
I really am sorry.
Happy birthday.
Oh, don't mention it.
Please tell me you
didn't look at the year?
No, it's just that, um,
today's my birthday too, so.
Really?
It's funny, I mean, you know,
what are the chances of that?
Where are you from?
What?
Oh, forget
I asked you that.
Never mind.
I grew up in Sacramento.
Oh...
Why do you ask?
Oh, no reason, I was just
wondering about your accent.
Kind of curious.
Actually, I was
born in Texas.
Do I, I mean,
do I sound like it?
No, you don't.
Are you okay?
Yeah...yeah.
I just had
a really bad day.
Dad, are you coming?
Yeah, I'll be
right there, bud.
Guys, look.
(music)
Come on.
Come on, answer,
damn you.
Any word?
Yeah.
She should be here
any minute.
Great.
Mr. Beckwith,
this is Linda Miller.
Hi, so nice to
meet you, sir.
Linda, my pleasure.
I can't wait to
meet Tammy.
Well, Tammy should
be here shortly.
Real soon.
This is really nice of you,
but like Scott said,
it's not necessary.
I know, but it's
the least I can do.
Thank you
for letting me.
Oh, it's my mom,
excuse me.
Hey.
I wanna talk to her.
Just a second.
It's probably just
a birthday call.
Oh yes.
What's she like?
His mother?
Oh, she's a sweetheart.
Yeah, Scott's parents
are great.
Well, I love you, too.
Let me talk.
Yep.
Hi Nama.
You ready?
Yeah.
(music)
I know, right?
Uh-huh.
Sort of.
It's been a really
exciting day.
(music)
SONG: You gave me
the rain...
You gave me
the sky...
You gave me the wind
and I can finally feel it...
Now slow it down...
Lose that fear...
Stay on the path
The haze will clear...
And I'm hoping, waiting...
No more hesitating...
I've been looking for it
on that open road...
I found love
in Sedona...
I found love where
the red rocks rise...
I found love
in Sedona...
I found love where
the red rocks rise...
Now listen up
Ignore the glare...
It's all in the noise...
The answers are there
Take that chance
Don't compromise...
Sometimes a gift's
in the sky...
And I'm done
with waiting...
No more hesitating...
I've been looking
for ya...that miracle
I found love
in Sedona...
I found love where
the red rocks rise...
I found love
in Sedona...
I found love where
the red rocks rise...
And I keep it going...
Just be persistent
and you will know it...
Today is here now...
I'm going to
wait too long...
Make it through the shadows
and you'll be strong...
With love...
I found love...
I found it...
Love...
I found love...
I found it...
I found love
in Sedona...
I found love where
the red rocks rise...
I found love
in Sedona...
I found love where
the red rocks rise...
Everything is
everything...
Through the night
it's what you bring...
I found love...
I found it...
Everything is
everything...
Through the night
it's what you bring...
I found love...
Everything is
everything...
Through the night
it's what you bring...
I found love...
I found it...
Everything is
everything...
Through the night
it's what you bring...
I found love...
I found it...
Everything is
everything...
Through the night
it's what you bring...
I found love...
(music)
And set!
Action!
One, two, three four...
Okay, thank you!